docs/enable-googlepay.md, before:

# Enable Google Pay with the Flutter Plugin for In-App Payments SDK

This guide walks you through the process of enabling the Google Pay digital wallet
for an app that uses the **Flutter In-App Payments SDK**. See the [Flutter In-App Payments SDK Technical Reference](reference.md)
for more detailed information about the Google Pay methods available.

**[Google Pay]** can only be used on Android devices.

## Before you start

* If you haven't already created a Flutter project with In-App Payments SDK, use the [Getting Started with the Flutter Plugin for In-App Payments SDK](get-started.md) to 
set up a Flutter project .


## Process overview

* [Step 1: Initialize Google Pay](#step-1-initialize-google-pay)
* [Step 2: Implement the Google Pay flow](#step-2-implement-the-google-pay-flow)


## Step 1: Initialize Google Pay


1. Add code to initialize Google Pay in your application State class. If you followed the [Getting Started Guide](get-started.md), then initialize Google Pay in the `_initSquarePayment` method and then save the return
value of `InAppPayments.canUseGooglePay` in the app `State` object.

  ```dart
  import 'dart:io' show Platform;
  import 'package:square_in_app_payments/models.dart';
  import 'package:square_in_app_payments/in_app_payments.dart';
  import 'package:square_in_app_payments/google_pay_constants.dart' as google_pay_constants;

    class _MyAppState extends State<MyApp> {
      bool _googlePayEnabled = false;

      ...

      Future<void> _initSquarePayment() async {
        ...
        var canUseGooglePay = false;
        if(Platform.isAndroid) {
          // initialize the google pay with square location id
          // use test environment first to quick start
          await InAppPayments.initializeGooglePay(
            'LOCATION_ID', google_pay_constants.environmentTest);
          // always check if google pay supported on that device
          // before enable google pay
          canUseGooglePay = await InAppPayments.canUseGooglePay;
        }
        setState(() {
          ...
          _googlePayEnabled = canUseGooglePay;
          ...
        });
      }
      ...
    } 
  ```
  * Replace `LOCATION_ID` in this example with a valid location ID for the associated Square account.

## Step 2: Implement the Google Pay flow

Add code to the `_MyAppState_` class that starts the payment flow and handles
the response. 

**Note**: You cannot start the Google Pay flow from a modal screen. To start
Google Pay, you must close the modal screen before calling `requestGooglePayNonce`.

```dart
import 'package:square_in_app_payments/models.dart';
import 'package:square_in_app_payments/in_app_payments.dart';
class _MyAppState extends State<MyApp> {
...
  /** 
  * An event listner to start google pay flow
  */
  void _onStartGooglePay() async {
    try {
      await InAppPayments.requestGooglePayNonce(
        price: '1.00',
        currencyCode: 'USD',
        onGooglePayNonceRequestSuccess: _onGooglePayNonceRequestSuccess,
        onGooglePayNonceRequestFailure: _onGooglePayNonceRequestFailure,
        onGooglePayCanceled: _onGooglePayCancel);
    } on InAppPaymentsException catch(ex) {
      // handle the failure of starting apple pay
    }
  }

  /**
  * Callback when successfully get the card nonce details for processig
  * google pay sheet has been closed when this callback is invoked
  */
  void _onGooglePayNonceRequestSuccess(CardDetails result) async {
    try {
      // take payment with the card nonce details
      // you can take a charge
      // await chargeCard(result);

    } on Exception catch (ex) {
      // handle card nonce processing failure
    }
  }

  /**
  * Callback when google pay is canceled
  * google pay sheet has been closed when this callback is invoked
  */
  void _onGooglePayCancel() {
    // handle google pay canceled
  }

  /**
  * Callback when failed to get the card nonce
  * google pay sheet has been closed when this callback is invoked
  */
  void _onGooglePayNonceRequestFailure(ErrorInfo errorInfo) {
    // handle google pay failure
  }
  ...
}
```
---
**Note:** the `chargeCard` method in this example shows a typical REST request on a backend process that uses the **Transactions API** to take a payment with the supplied nonce. See [BackendQuickStart Sample] to learn about building an app that processes payment nonces on a server.

---

[//]: # "Link anchor definitions"
[docs.connect.squareup.com]: https://docs.connect.squareup.com
[In-App Payments SDK]: https://docs.connect.squareup.com/payments/readersdk/overview
[Square Dashboard]: https://squareup.com/dashboard/
[update policy for In-App Payments SDK]: https://docs.connect.squareup.com/payments/readersdk/overview#readersdkupdatepolicy
[Testing Mobile Apps]: https://docs.connect.squareup.com/testing/mobile
[squareup.com/activate]: https://squareup.com/activate
[Square Application Dashboard]: https://connect.squareup.com/apps/
[In-App Payments SDK Android Setup Guide]: https://docs.connect.squareup.com/payments/readersdk/setup-android
[In-App Payments SDK iOS Setup Guide]: https://docs.connect.squareup.com/payments/readersdk/setup-ios
[root README]: ../README.md
[Flutter Getting Started]: https://flutter.io/docs/get-started/install
[Test Drive]: https://flutter.io/docs/get-started/test-drive
[Google Pay]: https://developers.google.com/pay/api/android/overview
[Google Pay methods]: https://developers.google.com/pay/api/android/reference/client
[Google Pay objects]: https://developers.google.com/pay/api/android/reference/object 
[BackendQuickStart Sample]: https://github.com/square/in-app-payments-server-quickstart

Commit message:

Added links to set up a Google Pay payment account, link to uploading Apple Pay CSR, theme card entry step, and minor edits to root readme.md

docs/enable-googlepay.md, after:

# Enable Google Pay with the Flutter Plugin for In-App Payments SDK

This guide walks you through the process of enabling the Google Pay digital wallet
for an app that uses the **Flutter In-App Payments SDK**. See the [Flutter In-App Payments SDK Technical Reference](reference.md)
for more detailed information about the Google Pay methods available.

**[Google Pay]** can only be used on Android devices. You must [add a card or payment account]  
before using **Google Pay**.

## Before you start

* If you haven't already created a Flutter project with In-App Payments SDK, use the [Getting Started with the Flutter Plugin for In-App Payments SDK](get-started.md) to 
set up a Flutter project .


## Process overview

* [Step 1: Initialize Google Pay](#step-1-initialize-google-pay)
* [Step 2: Implement the Google Pay flow](#step-2-implement-the-google-pay-flow)


## Step 1: Initialize Google Pay


1. Add code to initialize Google Pay in your application State class. If you followed the [Getting Started Guide](get-started.md), then initialize Google Pay in the `_initSquarePayment` method and then save the return
value of `InAppPayments.canUseGooglePay` in the app `State` object.

  ```dart
  import 'dart:io' show Platform;
  import 'package:square_in_app_payments/models.dart';
  import 'package:square_in_app_payments/in_app_payments.dart';
  import 'package:square_in_app_payments/google_pay_constants.dart' as google_pay_constants;

    class _MyAppState extends State<MyApp> {
      bool _googlePayEnabled = false;

      ...

      Future<void> _initSquarePayment() async {
        ...
        var canUseGooglePay = false;
        if(Platform.isAndroid) {
          // initialize the google pay with square location id
          // use test environment first to quick start
          await InAppPayments.initializeGooglePay(
            'LOCATION_ID', google_pay_constants.environmentTest);
          // always check if google pay supported on that device
          // before enable google pay
          canUseGooglePay = await InAppPayments.canUseGooglePay;
        }
        setState(() {
          ...
          _googlePayEnabled = canUseGooglePay;
          ...
        });
      }
      ...
    } 
  ```
  * Replace `LOCATION_ID` in this example with a valid location ID for the associated Square account.

## Step 2: Implement the Google Pay flow

Add code to the `_MyAppState_` class that starts the payment flow and handles
the response. 

**Note**: You cannot start the Google Pay flow from a modal screen. To start
Google Pay, you must close the modal screen before calling `requestGooglePayNonce`.

```dart
import 'package:square_in_app_payments/models.dart';
import 'package:square_in_app_payments/in_app_payments.dart';
class _MyAppState extends State<MyApp> {
...
  /** 
  * An event listner to start google pay flow
  */
  void _onStartGooglePay() async {
    try {
      await InAppPayments.requestGooglePayNonce(
        price: '1.00',
        currencyCode: 'USD',
        onGooglePayNonceRequestSuccess: _onGooglePayNonceRequestSuccess,
        onGooglePayNonceRequestFailure: _onGooglePayNonceRequestFailure,
        onGooglePayCanceled: _onGooglePayCancel);
    } on InAppPaymentsException catch(ex) {
      // handle the failure of starting apple pay
    }
  }

  /**
  * Callback when successfully get the card nonce details for processig
  * google pay sheet has been closed when this callback is invoked
  */
  void _onGooglePayNonceRequestSuccess(CardDetails result) async {
    try {
      // take payment with the card nonce details
      // you can take a charge
      // await chargeCard(result);

    } on Exception catch (ex) {
      // handle card nonce processing failure
    }
  }

  /**
  * Callback when google pay is canceled
  * google pay sheet has been closed when this callback is invoked
  */
  void _onGooglePayCancel() {
    // handle google pay canceled
  }

  /**
  * Callback when failed to get the card nonce
  * google pay sheet has been closed when this callback is invoked
  */
  void _onGooglePayNonceRequestFailure(ErrorInfo errorInfo) {
    // handle google pay failure
  }
  ...
}
```
---
**Note:** the `chargeCard` method in this example shows a typical REST request on a backend process that uses the **Transactions API** to take a payment with the supplied nonce. See [BackendQuickStart Sample] to learn about building an app that processes payment nonces on a server.

---

[//]: # "Link anchor definitions"
[docs.connect.squareup.com]: https://docs.connect.squareup.com
[In-App Payments SDK]: https://docs.connect.squareup.com/payments/readersdk/overview
[Square Dashboard]: https://squareup.com/dashboard/
[update policy for In-App Payments SDK]: https://docs.connect.squareup.com/payments/readersdk/overview#readersdkupdatepolicy
[Testing Mobile Apps]: https://docs.connect.squareup.com/testing/mobile
[squareup.com/activate]: https://squareup.com/activate
[Square Application Dashboard]: https://connect.squareup.com/apps/
[In-App Payments SDK Android Setup Guide]: https://docs.connect.squareup.com/payments/readersdk/setup-android
[In-App Payments SDK iOS Setup Guide]: https://docs.connect.squareup.com/payments/readersdk/setup-ios
[root README]: ../README.md
[Flutter Getting Started]: https://flutter.io/docs/get-started/install
[Test Drive]: https://flutter.io/docs/get-started/test-drive
[Google Pay]: https://developers.google.com/pay/api/android/overview
[Google Pay methods]: https://developers.google.com/pay/api/android/reference/client
[Google Pay objects]: https://developers.google.com/pay/api/android/reference/object 
[BackendQuickStart Sample]: https://github.com/square/in-app-payments-server-quickstart
[add a card or payment account]: https://support.google.com/pay/answer/7625139?visit_id=636775920124642581-1648826871&rd=1
